Minerva was born into the **Talos Clan**, however her status in the bloodline was very diluted. Those as far removed from the direct bloodline as her family are given the duty to serve the main family, as playmates and bodyguards. From a young age, Minerva was subjected to vigorous physical and mental training, conditioned to protect one of the heirs to the clan. Her older brother, **Maraas**, had gone through the same, becoming the bodyguard of the oldest heir and next in line to take over the clan. All members of the main family had received a more intense upbringing, with skills and training that far outmatches Minerva's, but she and her family would be expected to protect them with their lives nonetheless.

When the opportunity arose for a member of the clan to take on a job in deep space, to spread the honor of the clan, the leader chose Maraas. Maraas confided in Minerva his disappointment and sadness in leaving his ward, Laikos', side, for whom he had begun a secret courtship. Minerva saw this as a way to help her brother and to help herself escape the planet and the ties of the bloodline. 

She proposed to the leader that Maraas stay and she take his place. That Maraas was one of the clans strongest fighters and Laikos was a high value target by contesting clans. That Maraas was needed on the planet and the only one who could protect Laikos from danger. The leader reluctantly agreed. Minerva's mother would take her place as Tamar's guard and Minerva would be sent out in one of the clans Mechs to spread the honor of the clan across the stars.